icicle v 1.0.0 docs (#10)
ingonyama-zk/developer-docs: docs/icicle/golang-bindings.md

# Golang bindings

Golang bindings allow you to use ICICLE as a Golang library.

> `curves` contains implementations for every supported curve, each curve its its own package and contain all the required primitives and methods and there is no need to import all curves into yur project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `curves` directory contains implementations for every supported curve. Each curve is its own package and includes all the required primitives and methods. There is no need to import all curves into your project, only the ones your project requires.
```

`goicicle.go` contains wrappers for CUDA memory allocation methods.

> `templates` contains scrips to generate new packages for new curves, so if you ever want to add support for a new curve your can generate it based off these templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`templates` contains scripts to generate new packages for new curves, so if you ever want to add support for a new curve you can generate it based off these templates.
```

## Using ICICLE Golang bindings in your project

Too add ICICLE to your `go.mod` file. 

```
go get github.com/ingonyama-zk/icicle/goicicle
```

If you want to specify a specific branch

```
go get github.com/ingonyama-zk/icicle/goicicle@<branch_name>
```

For a specific commit

```
go get github.com/ingonyama-zk/icicle/goicicle@<commit_id>
```

> While this will add the ICICLE library to your project you sill need to build the shared library, refer to TODO[this guide](https://github.com/ingonyama-zk/icicle/tree/main/icicle) in order to build the shared library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this will add the ICICLE library to your project you still need to build the shared library, refer to [this guide](https://github.com/ingonyama-zk/icicle/tree/main/icicle) in order to build the shared library.
```
